hi everybody welcome back for the Pixar
Cars Thomas a French fan Channel
we're gonna have some fun today we're
gonna count all the Thomas the train's
we have and these are just Thomas now
this is a giant sort of like a chair
that kids can sit in and we have it with
a container full of Thomas trains in
there we're gonna take them all out one
by one and put them there and we'll
count them up as we go along now you
can't tell how big this is
and I'm gonna show you how big this
container is watch this here
that's my and that's pretty big
it's hard to tell when you just have
nothing in perspective around it so I'm
gonna move the camera back buckas here
there's a little way out and pick them
out one by one and put them right there
on the green paper here we go number one
giant Thomas - is Thomas with a string
you can tell I'm behind you three this
looks like at one time a
battery-operated thomas cuz i have a
home of average indoors around the floor
that read it number four another badge
got beard Thomas with trailer number
five lights and sound Thomas battery's
dead there's his button here his light
goes on there and it makes noise of
Thomas just a toy Thomas a person along
the floor doesn't have any tracks this a
toy plastic I mean if you have me off
one two three four five six
okay what's next number seven another
plastic Thomas probably birthday cake
the next thing is number eight another
plastic Thomas another birthday cake I
guess well he's got some stuff on his
face me Dad
and next we have just regular plain
Thomas is that nine let's see one two
three four five six seven eight nine
nine times two so far next we have
another regular Thomas that's number 10
put it over here
yeah let's see regular Thomas what
number is that one two three four five
six seven eight nine 10 11 and here
comes number 12 Christmas Thomas looking
at a little redhead no wait
TAS Lana look he's all smiles there's 12
promises so far okay our next row we
start out for a fancy Col Thomas the one
thing wrong with him is his face is numb
wait it's all gold it's like he dipped
in gold that's 13 in week turf for
Wonderland Thomas look at that he's all
covered with snow can you see that
that's 13 14 oh that's not even that's
Gordon Oh see down Thomas look at him
look look at his face he saw worried
looking remember that episode
they're 250 15 another regular Thomas
but he's awful ofone dirt I guess not
dirt Thomas he's just dirty Thomas
that's a 16 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12
13 14 15 16 yes okay number 17 is a
regular Thomas 18 another regular Thomas
19 all over this mud cover Thomas he's
all full of mud remember that episode
yeah I lost count 13 14 15 16 19 okay
number 20 nothing regular Thomas we have
lots of regular Thomas the Train might
be okay let's move it here another
regular Thomas 21 can you see that still
way down there next we have 22 another
regular Thomas I'll put him right here
and 23 dirty Thomas again it's a
different dirty Thomas but he's the same
look he's off of a black suit one more
makes 24 and this is paint splatter
Thomas check it out he's all full of
pain let me have fun making that it's 24
let's see 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13
14 15 16 17 19 20 21 22 23 24 24 times 2
trains hi minutes left
let's see gold color Thomas again is 25
Thomas comes to breakfast 26 Easter
Thomas 27c Easter Thomas the last thing
in here is topham hatt whistle check it
out sir topham hatt these are your guys
27 Thomas the trains in our collection
thanks for watching everybody I hope you
liked the video please watch more of
them sense of comments have a great day
bye